Clarify that `navigator.storage.persist()` depends on heuristics (#33780)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/storagemanager/persist/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("Storage")}}

> The **`persist()`** method of the {{domxref("StorageManager")}} interface requests permission to use persistent storage, and returns a {{jsxref('Promise')}} that resolves to `true` if permission is granted and bucket mode is persistent, and `false` otherwise. The browser may or may not honor the request, depending on browser-specific heuristics. (For Chrome, these [heuristics are documented](https://web.dev/articles/persistent-storage#chrome_and_other_chromium-based_browsers).)

Reviewer: This is documented on MDN at https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Storage_API/Storage_quotas_and_eviction_criteria#does_browser-stored_data_persist (which also links to the web.dev page, in See also).

Could we link to the MDN page instead and not make this sound so Chrome-y? For example, something like:

```suggestion
The **`persist()`** method of the {{domxref("StorageManager")}} interface requests permission to use persistent storage, and returns a {{jsxref('Promise')}} that resolves to `true` if permission is granted and bucket mode is persistent, and `false` otherwise. The browser may or may not honor the request, depending on browser-specific rules. (For more details, see the guide to [Storage quotas and eviction criteria](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Storage_API/Storage_quotas_and_eviction_criteria#does_browser-stored_data_persist).)
```
